Reviewer 4 of IROS 2024 submission 101

Comments to the author
======================

This paper presents a method for efficiently global
localization based on a particle filter using a 2D lidar.
The method incorporates the Cumulative Absolute Error per
Ray as a loss function for MCL and uses scan matching as a
pose refinement method on a subset of the most probable
particles. In general, the paper's core ideas appear to be
a relatively simple extension of the particle filter, but
the extensive analysis and well thought out text make the
paper a suitable candidate for IROS. The text could benefit
from added clarity and more concise structuring (such as
separating core ideas from extra in the weeds details)
which at times becomes distracting. Specific comments are
as follows:

The claim of true global localization is a bit questionable
since the method seems to assume that particles can be
spaced dense enough such that a subset of the particles
will be close enough to the true pose such that the CAER is
proportional to the pose error. This scales quickly with
scene size and thus in practice global localization can
only be performed on a limited size scene. The paper may
consider specifying global localization on bounded or on
small scale scene.

The paper’s claim of being the “fastest Monte Carlo global
localisation method that employs a 2D LIDAR” seems a bit
questionable without added assumptions and mention of
recent fast methods in global localization for 2D lidar.

The limitation section is greatly appreciated and is a
section more papers should include. The one included in
this paper would benefit from being more concisely written
- for example, be more standalone and state the key ideas
instead of relying on cross referencing multiple figures.

Some sentences structures need proof reading such as “This
section serves the testing of the performance of state of
the global localisation art methods ” and “In
observer-based localisation configurations its initial pose
may not be knowable in advance, leading to the need of its
estimation. ”which are distracting from some parts of the
paper.

The reviewer appreciates the extensive figures and analysis
shown. However, a more concise structuring of the
experiments section would have make the section stronger
and much easier to read. For example, the caption in figure
5 is quite distracting with the equations included and
would be better if it did not require references to other
figures and algorithms. In general, unless unavoidable, a
concise standalone caption makes for a much clearer
message. Table 1 is the most clear and to the point figure,
the other figures such as figure 7, 8, 11 are a bit too
crowded and would either benefit from being simplified,
better labeling, or keeping a roughly consistent style of
figure throughout so the reader doesn’t have to re-learn
the figure style for each figure. 

Comments on the Video Attachment
================================

Only a 1 minute audio file downloaded, perhaps a mistaken
upload. The Youtube file linked to the paper's github is
well done. 