Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry.
Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s,
when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type
specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into
electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in
the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages,
and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker
including versions of Lorem Ipsum. Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the
printing and typesetting industry.  Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's
standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley
of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only
five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining
essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of
Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop
publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry.
Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s,
when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type
specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into
electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in
the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages,
and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker
including versions of Lorem Ipsum.

\begin{figure}
  \subfloat{\input{./figures/face_top.tex}    \label{fig:a}} \vspace{-1.7cm}\\
  \subfloat{\hspace{-0.3cm}\input{./figures/face_bottom.tex} \label{fig:b}}
  \caption{\small
           CBGL leverages the relationship of proportionality between the pose
           estimate error and the value of the CAER metric for pose errors
           close to the origin: pose hypotheses dispersed within the map and
           ranked according to that value may be used to identify quickly and
           uniquely a pose estimate of the sensor, with error inversely
           proportional to the dispersed hypotheses' density.
           Top: a map of an environment, the pose of a panoramic 2D
           LIDAR sensor (magenta), and the corresponding \texttt{r}-field below
           them. Bottom: distribution of CAER values by location and
           orientation error between all sensor estimates corresponding to the
           \texttt{r}-field above and the sensor's true pose for estimate
           distances up to $2.0$ m
           }
  \vspace{-0.75cm}
  \label{fig:AB}
\end{figure}

%Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry.
%Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s,
%when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type
%specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into
%electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in
%the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages,
%and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker
%including versions of Lorem Ipsum. Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the
%printing and typesetting industry.  Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's
%standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley
%of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only
%five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining
%essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of
%Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop
%publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.
%Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry.
%Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s,
%when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type
%specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into
%electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in
%the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages,
%and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker
%including versions of Lorem Ipsum.

